[Music]
we spend about one third of our lives
in bed that's around 33 years
but only 26 of them will be taken up by
precious beauty sleep
the other seven are spent on just trying
to get to sleep
that's not surprising considering nearly
half of all people have sleeping
problems
if you struggle to catch some rest at
night the only thing that will probably
save you in the morning is a cup of hot
coffee
the average person drinks around three
cups of coffee a day
which means 86 000 cups over their
lifetime
that's enough to fill 125 bathtubs
we also spent about 24 minutes a day
making serving
and drinking coffee at work now if you
remember to clean your teeth every
morning for two to three minutes
then you can expect to spend two months
of your life taking care of your teeth
overall
or four months if you brush twice a day
on average people spend around eight
minutes a day in the shower
that can add up to about six months over
their lifetime
if you could collect all the water that
you used it would be enough
to water 98 football fields we also
spend about 13 years at work
that's around 4 800 days that's why it's
so important to find something you love
doing
those 13 years include around four years
spent making phone calls
i don't even want to know how much time
we waste on work emails
the average employee also sits in
meetings at the office for about two
years
i hope you take notes because our brains
keep only a hold of about five percent
of the information they receive
but even getting to the office takes up
a lot of your time
people spend about two and a half years
driving around in their cars
well not always driving that figure
includes
four months of waiting in traffic and
probably much
more if you live in a big city still
over their lifetime
the average driver will cover a distance
equal to traveling to the moon
and back and then back to the moon again
would you do forget something
for those of us who prefer walking to
driving you better warm up your legs
you're about to cover about 70 000 miles
on foot while you're here
that's five years of your life and it's
enough to walk around the world
nine times now it may seem
like your school years lasted forever
but you actually study there for less
than one year of your life
only 334 days to be precise
that doesn't include homework of course
boys study for around three and a half
hours a day
and girls for only two and a half but
if that sounds like too little there's
always daily educational activities you
can do
even after you leave school for most of
us we spend around 28 minutes per day
learning new stuff which is about 500
days over your lifetime
with all that work we need to relax and
we sure put in the time here as well
people typically spend more than four
thousand days
or eleven years and four months looking
at screens
for each of those years that'll be a tv
screen
you'll watch about 93 000 tv show
episodes
and more than four thousand seasons and
about half of these years are spent
watching commercials the other three
years of screen time are taken up by our
smartphones
that's no surprise since they're our
main source of communication
one in three teenagers sends more than
100 texts a day
even when we're not texting many of us
check our phones
every six and a half minutes that means
around 150 times in
a single day and 50 000 times per year
and then we have video games there are
more than 164 million gamers in the usa
and three-quarters of all americans have
at least one gamer in their family
most gamers can spend at least six hours
playing games a week
that's around three entire years of
their lives
between all that stuff you need to get
some food
lots of people regularly eat five meals
a day
all that time devoted to munching on
your favorite snacks
means about six years of your life
after you've done with eating
unfortunately it's time to clean the
dishes
be ready to spend four years of your
life doing housework
that includes more than a year spent on
the really boring stuff like vacuuming
and nearly two years on cooking
you're not the only one working hard in
your apartment though
during your lifetime your poor old
washing machine will spend more than
three years
trying to keep your clothes clean
perhaps you don't want to waste all that
time on cleaning
but there's a downside here having lots
of mess around
means you'll probably spend nearly an
entire year of your life
just looking for your keys or glasses
men spend 46 days of their life getting
ready in front of the mirror
but women spend around three times more
days so next time you're late to a party
because the other person's still getting
ready
just remember that it's a time-consuming
process for
all of us if you like to keep your body
in shape
be prepared to give up a year and four
months entirely to exercising
that's right it turns out we spend twice
as much time
looking at perfect bodies on instagram
than we do
working on our own baby you want
something more exciting to do
so you decide to go to the movie theater
but to get your ticket
you need to stand in a line you spend
roughly
five years waiting in lines throughout
your life
all that waiting doesn't put us off
though we spent two and a quarter years
watching movies at the cinema
it's no wonder that you sometimes end up
seeing a very boring movie
but the thing is while you might get
your money back you can never get your
time
refunded wouldn't it be great though if
stopped when you go to the bathroom that
way you wouldn't miss all the good parts
of the movie
plus doing what you have to do there
takes up a lot of your valuable time as
well
we spend a year and a half in the
bathroom in total
for those of you who love nature i have
a bit of bad news
we spend more than 90 percent of our
lives indoors
but i guess this could be good news for
anyone who likes their home comforts
an outside picnic wouldn't be the same
without that special someone to share it
with
but the truth is while true love may
last a lifetime
we only spend about a year of our lives
doing romantic things
that's right we devote more time to
eating and smartphones
than we do to all those wonderful things
like buying flowers going for dinner
choosing the perfect gift and holding
hands at the movie theater but
at least that includes more than two
weeks of kissing
i guess you can count that as a workout
to add to your exercise time
remember you use over a hundred muscles
when you kiss
sometimes dating can grow into something
bigger and suddenly you find yourself
with your significant other
in a cozy home and with a couple of kids
running around
that's a lot of your time gone right
there though parents with a child
under the age of six spend around 2
hours a day
tending to them then when the kids are
age 6 to 12
their parents devote about an hour to
looking after them each day
this all adds up to nine solid months of
caring for a child
from the time they're born up to age 12.
besides all that caring and playing
parents read to their kids for around 28
minutes a day
and play with them for 43 minutes that's
about 6 months of undivided attention
overall
well done mom and dad for those of you
who love animals
be prepared to find a pretty big chunk
of free time for them as well
it usually takes around 45 minutes a day
to walk
feed and play a little with your pet but
since animals live shorter lives than us
let's count how much of their time is
taken up by this
if a dog lives for 10 years on average
then it will spend more than 100 full
days receiving your care
it deserves nothing less of course
apart from romance we all need the
support of our friends and family
that's why we spend another year of our
lives on socializing
that's still 12 times less than what we
devote to work though
and if you have a great bunch of friends
get ready for laughter
this takes up 115 days of our lives
well time to go back to bed during the
night we'll each have around
five dreams which means 1 800 a year
and as many as 150 000 dreams over our
lifetimes
there's just one problem we forget most
of them
nighty night